- [Instructor] Now we are ready to start implementing
the solution for the Explore California RESTful web service.
The first step is to create the domain model
from the explorecalifornia.org/tours page.
The primary entities are tour packages and tours.
A tour package is a collection of tours
sharing a certain theme.
Let's look at a tour package called Backpack Cal.
Backpack Cal is associated with five tours,
Big Sur Retreat, Channel Island Excursion,
Death Valley Survivor's Trek,
In the Steps of John Muir,
and the Mount Whitney Climbers Tour.
After examining the fields,
I've defined the following classes,
tour, tour package, region, and difficulty.
Here is a class diagram,
which will show you the attributes and the classes
and how they relate to each other.
The central artifact is a tour.
A tour has a title, a description,
which is a short explanation, a blurb,
which is a longer explanation, a price, a duration,
comma separated bullet points,
and key words used for searching tours.
We see that a tour also has a region and a difficulty.
Region is modeled as an enumerated type
where the possible values are Northern California,
Central Coast, Southern California, and Varies.
Difficulty is modeled as an enumeration as well
where the possible values are
easy, medium, difficult, and varies.
Tour is associated with one tour package,
but a tour package is associated
with several possible tours.